docs: clarify userChannelChanged after joinUserChannel (#1967)
finos/FDC3: website/docs/api/specs/desktopAgentCommunicationProtocol.md

- [`joinUserChannelRequest`](pathname:///schemas/next/api/joinUserChannelRequest.schema.json)
- [`joinUserChannelResponse`](pathname:///schemas/next/api/joinUserChannelResponse.schema.json)

> On success, if the requesting app has registered a matching event listener, the Desktop Agent SHOULD send a [`channelChangedEvent`](pathname:///schemas/next/api/channelChangedEvent.schema.json) after applying the membership change and before the successful `joinUserChannelResponse`. This ordering dispatches the event before the promise returned by `joinUserChannel()` resolves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On success, if the requesting app has registered a matching event listener, the Desktop Agent MUST send a [`channelChangedEvent`](pathname:///schemas/next/api/channelChangedEvent.schema.json) after applying the membership change and before the successful `joinUserChannelResponse` is sent. This ordering dispatches the event before the promise returned by `joinUserChannel()` resolves.
```
